all universities in Gaza have been badly
damaged or destroyed by Israeli forces
pal displaced Palestinians and students
in Rafa are thanking protesters at
campuses in the US for their solidarity
messages of gratitude have been
displayed on their tents now students
are calling for the protest to continue
despite a Crackdown by police and
University
authorities we appreciate it very much
we we we truly love them anyone who
raises a flag for pal
we appreciate it with all our hearts
they are leaving their education they
are getting harm they're getting in
trouble for us we really appreciate it
we really want them to to keep going and
we really want to be a part of these
universities because they have stand
with us no one did
that this idea came to us after seeing
what was happening in the news
especially the support from the students
of the world particularly the students
of Colombia University for standing with
us with their Humanity their hearts and
their compassion we hope the world will
stand United with them we hope for the
world to support them not to arrest them
and imprison
them make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler